# iMazing Patch 2.13.1 + License Code Full Download [2025]
iMazing Patch is powerful and user friendly software for transfer and saves your music, messages, files and data. Safely back up any iPhone, iPad or iPod touch. It has user-friendly interface. It is simply the best iOS device manager for Mac and PC. Go beyond iTunes.

iMazing Activation Code comes with a multi-panel interface that allows you to show the Device’s contents like Camera Roll, media, photo albums, contacts, SMS text messages, and MMS messages apps, voice memos, notes and the device history. iMazing Full Version provides five main features: Copy to PC, Copy the folder to Device, Copy files to Device, Create a folder and delete from Device. 
## [➤ ► :earth_africa::tv::iphone::point_right: Download Preactivated Software Here](https://softzcr.college)

## iMazing License Key [2025] Download
It also allows you to export all the messages and memos which are stored on the iPhone. iMazing Serial key keeps complete records of most of your products, including apps and data and restore them consistently anytime on any unit Backup. It will allow you to restore apps with all data and media to save memory and re-install them when you need them.

With iMazing Patched, you can browse and preview data on your device. Specifically, you can search for images, videos, songs, e-books, messages, contacts, notes, and more. Depending on your needs, you can right-click on an item and quickly transfer it to your computer without any extra effort.

You can also export WhatsApp messages and attachments, so that you can later transfer the data to a new device. Likewise, you can save and transfer Safari bookmarks from your iPhone or iPad to your computer even if iCloud is not installed. You can even scan files and folders from your previous backup and check for necessary items.

